rework feedback/contribution info after ui change (#92)
SAP-docs/contribution-guidelines: docs/content-contribution/overall-process.md

1. You're reading documentation on [SAP Help Portal](http://help.sap.com). You come across something you're not sure is entirely accurate, or you've spotted a typo, or you think that there's a small addition or amendment that you can offer that would help clarify or otherwise add value to what's already there.

> 2. You look for the *Edit page* option via the *Feedback* link in the function bar near the top of the page. If there is no such option, the documentation is not yet part of SAP's Open Documentation Initative.

Reviewer: If we use "link", readers might look for blue underlined text. I think "menu" makes more sense.  You also use menu [here](https://github.com/SAP-docs/contribution-guidelines/blob/ca12562f901417d5b37388d6eeb60ecf73e88371/docs/contributing.md) already.

```suggestion
2. You look for the *Edit page* option via the *Feedback* menu in the function bar near the top of the page. If there is no such option, the documentation is not yet part of SAP's Open Documentation Initiative.
```

> ![Content contribution link](../assets/content-contribution-link.png)

Reviewer: The indentation for the graphic does not look correct (three spaces are missing, see [preview](https://github.com/SAP-docs/contribution-guidelines/blob/ca12562f901417d5b37388d6eeb60ecf73e88371/docs/content-contribution/overall-process.md)):
<img width="737" alt="image" src="https://github.com/SAP-docs/contribution-guidelines/assets/34343894/3e943a79-0035-449d-9eaa-69d15a30bed6">

Author: This was incorrect before. In fact looking again at this section has prompted me to rework it slightly, removing the extra complexity of a numbered list.
